I have received endless requests on box
this product this is the say tech rat 7
so the rat is available in four
different flavors the seven is the
highest end one although there is a nine
it is the same Mouse as the rat seven
except it is Wireless instead of Wired
this is a fifty six hundred dpi Mouse
it connects to your computer via USB -
all of that is completely unacceptable
the part that is interesting is the fact
that this is adjustable in almost every
dimension and angle so the rat 7 has
little gears and dials all over it to
make it mold perfectly to your hand no
matter what kind of hands you have so
you can see I have stumpy hands see I
have these short fat fingers that make
most mice fairly uncomfortable for me
but my understanding is with the rat 7
no matter what kind of fingers I have it
will be comfortable so you can see the
box is a very very high quality box you
can open up the front of it and you can
see a little window that has the rat 7
in it we've got some more features here
so they show some of the different dials
that you can use to adjust dimensions of
the rat 7 so you can move this you can
move this aspect of it the thumb rest
out and in you can move it forward and
back that's pretty cool so you can move
the bottom here down and up let me see
how this one works not sure let me see
what else we've got here holder
here's a storage tin okay why don't we
just open it up and see what happens
hopefully I have my feet oh I don't have
my keys on me this is gonna be bad
cameraman has a key on him hopefully I
can figure out how do you even open this
box every once in a while I encounter a
box that's a bit of a challenge to unbox
ah there we go
so you actually have to open up the
window in order to unbox this particular
Mouse so we'll just kind of grab onto
that there you know it's kind of
surprising to me that no one has already
thought of calling a mouse a rat when
it's like an extreme mouse but yeah it
looks like Saitek is the first to come
up with that marketing idea very clever
very clever indeed
I'm just killing time right now until I
can get the most out of the box or rat I
should say and let me just kind of
figure out what's uh what's under here
this is a very complicated box I have no
idea how I'm gonna put this back
together when I'm done here because I do
not get it hold on a minute
ah caught right there okay let's add up
come on come on oh thank you okay so
inside the box now that we finally have
it open we have a cyborg gaming disc
that presumably has some drivers and
such on it then we have a little limited
warranty thing yeah drivers probably or
not doesn't really matter if there are
drivers you should download the latest
ones from the SE tech website okay next
we have a little guidance okay so it
shows you how to use the four
user-definable DPI settings how to use
the interchangeable pinkie and palm
rests okay how to use precision aim mode
that's kind of a cool button I wonder if
it'll make my aiming more precise sure
hope snow
okay the head tilts to further optimize
button position so that's oh one number
one worldwide in kisi place I can't tell
what this is some parts of it look like
kind of a manual and other parts look
kind of like a catalog so here you have
custom length adjustment and it shows
another indicator for precision a mode
okay oh that's the rat five oh this is
all the different rat series mice they
all look the same right this is the rad7
this is the one we have today this is
the rat three so it doesn't have the
precision aim mode it doesn't have all
the adjustable stuff on it the rat five
right here lacks d looks like the DPI
channel because they buttons there okay
forget it
concert' the CD okay there's your Quick
Start Guide
there's your user definable dpi settings
right there on the back here shows you
how to set your precision aim button so
you can set a percentage decrease of
most sensitivity while precision aim
button is held
so you actually hold it down when you're
sniping that's kind of clear and then
here we have a huge box full of
accessories and there's another cutout
other stuff came in I guess it would go
in there so let's find out what we have
in terms of accessories we have pinky
one ah
come on out okay so that is pinky one so
I guess it works kind of like that when
it's nope nope let's work like that when
it's attached to the mouse
okay then we have pinky - so this goes
on a completely different way it's kind
of a little rubberized grip instead of a
rest alright then we have a
wait cartridge here's the wait cartridge
cool and next we have palm rest too so
this is a replacement palm rest for the
one that comes installed on the mouse
the palm rest one hand palm rest - sorry
so one of them is kind of a rubberized
semi textured surface and the other one
is a very very grippy rubberized surface
more like like a tire than anything else
so it's actually got treads on it
alright so go ahead and close back in
there and now without further ado we
will finally have a look at the rat
seven mouse as soon as we undo these
twist ties bear with me here
I do like fancy retail packaging but it
makes my job a little bit more difficult
because I have to do all of this on
camera in one take
that cake and I can't get it out of the
box yeah yeah it's a hard profession huh
unboxing products for a living but
somebody's got to do it somebody has got
to do it
there we are that is the rad7 so why
don't I start with showing some of the
features that we've talked about already
so here come in and have a have a closer
look cameraman so there's your forward
and back buttons there's your precision
aim button so that's very comfortably
positioned to easily press it and then
you can even press one of these other
buttons at the same time depending on
what kind of key bindings you're using
here is a mode button right there so
that's within easy reach of your index
finger here is your DPI toggle button
there's your left-click there's your
right click over on the other side we
have the interchangeable pinkie spot so
we can use any of the other two pinky
ones to attach there under here we have
weights so let me see how to I'm
guessing if I undo this it will release
the weight cartridge somehow so we're
not actually going to do that for the
time being because as much as I want all
the weights all over this park bench
that would that would make my life more
difficult so there you have it so it
adjusts this way it adjusts this way
this way many many many different ways
if I could figure out where some of the
buttons are to adjust anything and that
would be great but maybe we'll do a
follow-up video on this one and show all
of those other aspects of it it has a
very very high quality braided cord on
it so you can see that you cannot see
through the braiding at all and it's got
a gold plated USB 2.0 connector and
thank you for checking out the unboxing
of the say tech rat 7 completely
adjustable Gaming Mouse
so after consulting the manual we
figured out how to make most of the
adjustments here so okay first of all
you get the the key out of the back see
it's stored right in the back of the
mouse like that isn't that clever so you
just pull that out by unscrewing it and
then there's a an allen key spot right
here so you use that one to adjust the
thumb piece front and back so you see
I'm moving it backwards right now I hope
you can see that I'm moving it forward
right now pretty cool and then there's
another key spot right in here so you
just loosen that one a little bit that
allows you to adjust it this way and
then once you've got it such that it is
in exactly the right comfortable
position for you you just put the hex
key back in there screw it in tight and
it won't move anymore there it is nice
and solid and then what was the last one
yeah and the last one how to adjust the
palm pieces you just push in this little
button right here slide it back and then
it locks wherever you want to put it so
if you have a larger hand and you can
adjust it so the pump sits much further
back I don't so I would probably use it
pretty much in its stock configuration
so that is pretty darn cool one thing I
didn't mention in the last video was it
actually has an aluminum base so this
thing is built like a tank it's quite
heavy so I would probably recommend you
remove some of the weights that come on
buy stock so you just undo this you can
pull the weights off and put them in
your little weight storage container
thanks for checking out this addendum to
the previous unboxing